let us do this in this function
Find pivot declare start mid and end variables point
start at zero and end at size minus one
Let's have a while loop with condition start less than
or equal to end inside the while
Loop find Mid start plus end divided by two check
If the condition array of mid greater than array of
mid plus one
If this condition returns true then return mid Plus one
which will hold the pivot element in case if
mid points to the last element of the array we cannot
access array of mid plus one
Hence let us add an additional condition mid less than end
before else
Let's check which half of the array is unsorted and point
start and end accordingly first check if array of start greater than
an array of mid
If it returns true we can conclude that the first
half is unsorted and so we can point end to
mid
If not we have to check array of mid greater
than array of end
If this returns true we can conclude that the second
half is unsorted and so we can points start to mid
and if both these conditions return false It means that
both this sub array or in other words the entire
array is sorted
And when can this happen If an array is rotated
size times then we take the original array itself
Thus we will have the smallest element in its first
index 0 so return 0
Thus at the end of the loop the pivot element
would have got return from this function.